docs(mender-gateway): clarification regarding intermediate ca (#2744)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 10.Server-integration/04.Mender-Gateway/10.Mutual-TLS-authentication/04.Certificate-rotation/docs.md

```bash
sudo chown 65534 $(pwd)/server.crt $(pwd)/server.key $(pwd)/root-ca.crt
sudo chmod 0600 $(pwd)/server.key

docker run \
  -p 8443:8443 \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  --name mender-gateway \
  -e HTTPS_ENABLED="true" \
  -e HTTPS_LISTEN=":8443" \
  -e HTTP_ENABLED="true" \
  -e HTTP_LISTEN=":8080" \
  -e HTTPS_SERVER_CERTIFICATE="/etc/mender/certs/server.crt" \
  -e HTTPS_SERVER_KEY="/etc/mender/certs/server.key" \
  -e MTLS_CA_CERTIFICATE="/etc/ssl/certs/root-ca.crt" \
  -e MTLS_ENABLED="true" \
  -e MTLS_MENDER_PASSWORD="$MENDER_PASSWORD" \
  -e MTLS_MENDER_USERNAME="$MENDER_USERNAME" \
  -e UPSTREAM_SERVER_URL="$UPSTREAM_SERVER_URL" \
  -v $(pwd)/server.crt:/etc/mender/certs/server.crt \
  -v $(pwd)/server.key:/etc/mender/certs/server.key \
  -v $(pwd)/root-ca.crt:/etc/ssl/certs/root-ca.crt \
  $MENDER_GATEWAY_IMAGE --log-level debug
```

## Rotating the intermediate CA

To rotate, generate a new intermediate CA signed by the same Root CA. New devices get certificates signed by the new intermediate CA and present the new chain. Devices already in the field continue working — no gateway change required.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You would rotate the intermediate CA if the old one is about to expire or if you have suspicions it was compromised.  For the expiration case the old certificate will just stop being valid as some point it time, but for the compromised case you need to take explicit action.

!! For case of a compromised certificate you will need to___ **do what?**
```

Author: I think this is a good call for a dedicated section like: "how to deal with a compromised certiifcate"

Author: Here's the follow up for this: 5045e35d663d3d57832fbd6251494bf66dbac516

### Generate the new Intermediate CA

```bash
openssl ecparam -genkey -name P-256 -noout -out intermediate-ca-v2.key

cat > intermediate-ca-v2.conf <<EOF
[req]
distinguished_name = req_distinguished_name
prompt = no

[req_distinguished_name]
commonName=Intermediate CA v2
organizationName=My Organization
EOF

openssl req -new -key intermediate-ca-v2.key -out intermediate-ca-v2.req -config intermediate-ca-v2.conf
openssl x509 -req -CA root-ca.crt -CAkey root-ca.key -CAcreateserial \
  -in intermediate-ca-v2.req -out intermediate-ca-v2.crt \
  -extfile intermediate-ca-ext.conf -days $((365*5))
```

### Provision new devices with the new chain

```bash
openssl ecparam -genkey -name P-256 -noout -out device-v2.key
openssl req -new -key device-v2.key -out device-v2.req -config device.conf
openssl x509 -req -CA intermediate-ca-v2.crt -CAkey intermediate-ca-v2.key -CAcreateserial \
  -in device-v2.req -out device-v2.crt -days $((365*2))

cat device-v2.crt intermediate-ca-v2.crt > device-v2-chain.pem
```

> The gateway accepts both `device-chain.pem` (v1) and `device-v2-chain.pem` (v2) because both intermediate CAs chain up to the trusted Root CA. Decommission v1 devices at your own pace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gateway accepts both `device-chain.pem` (v1) and `device-v2-chain.pem` (v2) because both intermediate CAs chain up to the trusted Root CA. Update the v1 certificates on the devices at your own pace.
```

Reads weird that you'd be decommission devices just for a cert change.
